[enterprise-4.10] Adding FIPS admonition to install doc (#62026)
openshift/openshift-docs: installing/installing-fips.adoc

====

For the {op-system-first} machines in your cluster, this change is applied when the machines are deployed based on the status of an option in the `install-config.yaml` file, which governs the cluster options that a user can change during cluster deployment. With {op-system-base-full} machines, you must enable FIPS mode when you install the operating system on the machines that you plan to use as worker machines. These configuration methods ensure that your cluster meet the requirements of a FIPS compliance audit: only FIPS validated or Modules In Process cryptography packages are enabled before the initial system boot.

Because FIPS must be enabled before the operating system that your cluster uses boots for the first time, you cannot enable FIPS after you deploy a cluster.

[id="installation-about-fips-validation_{context}"]
== FIPS validation in {product-title}

> {product-title} uses certain FIPS validated or Modules In Process modules within {op-system-base} and {op-system} for the operating system components that it uses. See link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/3655361[RHEL8 core crypto components]. For example, when users SSH into {product-title} clusters and containers, those connections are properly encrypted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title} uses certain FIPS validated or Modules In Process modules within {op-system-base} and {op-system} for the operating system components that it uses. See link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/3655361[RHEL8 core crypto components]. For example, when users use SSH to connect to {product-title} clusters and containers, those connections are properly encrypted.
```

Reviewer: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#_s:~:text=Description%3A%20SSH,the%20remote%20server%22.
